4:15 PM:

Yesterday it clicked - I should start journaling my life again. I used to do it when I was younger, but I stopped
when I got older. I think it would be a good way to keep track of my thoughts and feelings. I'm going to start 
today. I'm excited to see where this journey takes me. I hope it helps me grow as a person and become the best 
version of myself. 
Here's to a new beginning! 4:30 PM:

It all started when i was watching this youtube video about how to be more productive. The guy in the video was
talking about how journaling can help you organize your thoughts and be more productive. I thought it was a good 
idea, so I decided to give it a try. I went to the store and bought a notebook and some pens. I'm going to start
writing in it every day. I'm excited to see where this journey takes me. I hope it helps me grow as a person and
become the best version of myself. 

The author of the video also called journaling "The best introspection technique", he also provided a lot of
research paper snippets, that i read and found very interesting. After actually thinking about it, i realized that
journaling is not a pathetic hobby for teenagers, but a very useful tool ro understand yourself.

 ** EXTENSIVE JOURNALING CAN INCREASE YOUR WORKING MEMORY (WM) CAPACITY **

Turns out, it gets your thoughts in order, helps you structure your thoughts, because that is often like a rock 
from your shoulders

Journaling, in theory, makes you resilient and sharp, both mentally and physically. It's like a mental gym...

Last week i got myself a little notebook, where i write down little ideas on paper, usually some usefull terms i 
hear from youtube videos, or some interesting facts i read in a book.
So, one of the coolest points from that notebook is "The theory of an oscillatory universe" which means that the
universe is expanding and contracting in a never-ending cycle. It's like a breathing universe. I think it's a very
interesting concept, and it makes me wonder about the nature of reality. What if we are just a small part of a 
much larger system? What if there are other universes out there, each with its own set of rules and laws? It's a
fascinating idea.

But i also heard some cool terms from psychology: 
    Like Cold-reading, which is a technique used by mentalists,
    psychics, fortune-tellers, and mediums to give the appearance of having psychic abilities. It's a way of
    making    general statements that could apply to anyone, and then using the person's reactions to make them
    seem more specific. It's a fascinating concept, and it makes me wonder about the power of suggestion and 
    the nature of belief. What if we are more suggestible than we realize? What if our beliefs shape our reality
    more than we think?

    I also heard about the term "The Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon" which is the phenomenon where you learn about
    something new, and then you start seeing it everywhere. It's like your brain is primed to notice it now that
    you know about it. It's a fascinating concept, and it makes me wonder about the power of attention and
    perception. What if we are more aware of our surroundings than we realize? What if we are missing out on
    important information because we are not paying attention?
    	      I've had many instances of that phenomenon, and every time it happens, it blows my mind. it just
	      seems like magic...



Pfff, i only wrote a couple pages of paper equivalent, and i already start to notice how incredibly
overwhelmed my brain is with constant ideas, plans and concepts.
10 seconds ago i was sitting in my chair, sweaty, and a bit emptied (in a good way), thinking -which, of a 
100 more ideas should i write about. So, here i am, wondering whether i need to go to sleep on it.
I already said how overwhelmed my brain is, but i feel like it's not enough...
I just started to realise how actually vast my "mind palace" is...
I feel like i'm in a library, and i'm the only one who knows (wait... me too, i have no idea what lies where 
in this Alexander's library of mine) where the books are. That is yet for me to figure out.


All these unorganized thoughts, ideas, and concepts are like a big mess in my head. They lie around like bad
apples, ridding me of sleep, i end up thinking about them all for hours.

Anyway, i am yet to feel any difference from my auto-theurapeutic session. I guess time will show, 
and the whole process will probably take years.

To be honest, i feel a strong doubt i will ever make another entry in here...

Well, time will show.

Good night. (5:10 PM, Same day)



