8:40 PM


A week ago i was chosen as a first speaker on a school's debates team. There are three people 
that have been chosen actually, and i am the fourth speaker. I have to prepare a speech for the
next month, i don't know what the topic is yet, they are supposed to tell us pretty soon. Then 
we will start actually preparing for the topic. I am really excited about this, i feel like 
i could finally apply my brain to something other then programming. My teammates are great, 
they are very talkative, though, which, i am sure will cause me some headache, as i am an 
extremely quit introverted person who prefers listening to talking every time. 

But there is a blank space for the fifth member of the team. the backup person, who will go to
bydgoszcz with us, and will be able to replace any of us if we get sick or something.
The problem is: They want to pick some random guy, who i see almost for the first time, 
their reasoning is that he is not from a Liceum (a type of school in Poland) and that he is
a technikum student, and it would be tolerant (or some shit like that) to choose him, as all of 
us are Liceum kids. Seems pretty stupid to me
So, me and another member of the team (my close friend) want to see our common friend ****** on 
the team. The first objective argument is teamwork. Who do you think would perform better, a 
guy who nobody from the team actually knows, and, let's be honest, he will just be the 
black-sheep of the squad, or a great, friendly person, who everybody on the team knows 
I would go for the second person immediately

So 50% of our team are firmly voting for her, 25% is against for the reason that she just joined
us a couple month ago, and the other guy, allegedly was a part of the club for 1.5 years 
already, which i do not remember... And another 25% has abstained from making their opinion
public. Clearly "our" candidate wins. Or so you would think..

This whole "We prefer him because..." just seems like a bad netflix show with a Gay Black
Disabled King of Britain with purple hair. Fucking disgusting

i get a feeling like they do not choose people to represent the school for their skills, but 
for how they look, and where they are from. I am not saying that the guy is bad, i am sure he
is a great person, but i just do not know him, and i do not want to go to bydgoszcz with a
stranger. I want to go with my friends, and i want to have a good time. I want to win!


(9:34 PM Same day)


